>> Mike North: And finally, hopefully,
you're a little bit terrified by
the syntax I showed you, this is
pretty miserable stuff to work with.
There is a library called IDB and
it is written by a Chrome
developer advocate, Jay.
It's basically, conceptually, an identical
API, except it's all promise-based.
So we can use promises instead
of all of these strange
decades old callback
style of doing things.
here's an example of us
opening a database and then
passing in this upgradeDb callback, that's
gonna be the same as onupgradeneeded.
You're gonna get the same
argument passed to it.
It's an attempt to really preserve
the API, but just to make it promisified.
So it's a super lightweight library.
And honestly, I would advise you
not try to use IndexedDb by itself.
Don't do it, use this.
There's another good one
called local forage,
which can use IndexedDb or local storage.
But it abstracts the IndexedDb
concept away from you a little bit,
because it's just designed
differently with different goals.
But not a bad library to
use if it meets your needs.
Here, you can see that we get this
promise from opening the database.
We have this callback for
upgrading the database.
And then by the time the upgrade is
complete, the promise will resolve,
and then we get this db object in
this second block of code here.
We can create a transaction, do some stuff
as it relates to one of these object
stores, and then complete the transaction
and the operation will finish.